Hi guys, in this tuto we're going to
create this nice house using the alien
engine pipe 72.
Okay, we have to create uh are creating
the walls using this uh plane.
Okay, let's
Okay, first thing first, open the
editor.
Okay, create new project. Selected
person as template and rename the house
project. Okay. Hit create
now. Okay. Now let's go to file. Hit
with me level. Select empty level. Let's
create.
Okay. Rame the project. Save current uh
level.
A new map. It's here. After that, let's
set up the lighting. We have to go here
to the window environment light. Lexer,
red sky light, directional light, sky
atmosphere, one cloud, and finally hide.
Okay, make sure
fork.
Okay, fine. Close this. Uh, save
mode. Cut landscape.
Hit create. Okay, fine. My landscape is
created.
Now let's listen here to selection mode.
After going let's go here go to Google I
search for house plane or to use this uh
plane from the Pinterest. Choose any
plane as you want. I choose this plane
and I download like here. This is
dimension of my plate. The quality is
really not good. Uh 20 m from here and
28 m on this side. Uh, okay.
Now download this plane and let's go
here.
Import it from downloader. This one you
only need to
drag it right here. And the player is
imported into the content pro.
Uh, after that
uh let's go here. Set up the grid 100 cm
like this
equal to 100. Okay. For the snapping
tool, make sure it's the same thing. Now
let's go here. The shape is create
plane.
The current size of the plane is 1 m by
one uh meter. Okay. Let's drag it into
ground.
Okay. What's this problem?
I playing.
Let's disable the snapping tool for not
disable the security. What's this pro?
Okay, fine.
Be sure it's here.
Okay, fine. Turn like this and this.
Okay. Before we add those plane, I want
1 m on the X-axis.
Okay. Go here to scale and tip one.
Uh, this not X. Sorry for the Yaxis.
20.
Okay.
want
and this side
I want 28.
Okay. First for the current plane is not
me feet. For me I want to use meter. You
choose as what do you want.
Uh okay. After that drag it right there.
Okay, this is my uh play stock.
Now, let's set up the walls. Before we
set up the walls, we have to go here to
content draw more characters
and add my third person character as a
reference for my work.
Okay, now let's return here. The shape
is choose cube.
Cube.
Disable this one.
The cube. The dimension of the cube is 1
m by one uh meter.
Okay. Let's make it
okay. for the x-axis.
Let's make it like this. You can use
this method, but it's slow method for
me. I don't want to use this. Let's go
here to model.
Okay, let's go here to G for grid and
let's create
go.
Okay, let's make it 1 m for now. We want
to change the f.
Okay, 1 m. Uh there is to the beginning.
Okay, make it this one.
Okay, let's place it.
One, two, three.
This side
make it 1 m.
And this place
After
selecting SW, press Q.
Okay. Now, let's go here. Add to this
mode.
Really
remote. Okay.
And now let's make those ones. Okay.
Have
a door in this place. Okay.
Select like this.
Okay.
Randle this one and only
you.
We have another door right here.
Scale. Cube. Another
door in this space.
>> Yeah.
>> And in this place we have a window. Big
window. Make it like this. Another big
window.
Like this.
Okay. Down from here
accept
right here to the
y.
Okay.
I think it's done from here outside.
Let's begin to the inside walls.
Okay. Create this.
Okay. 15. Make it grid like this.
Okay.
Blocks.
The blocks the for one m per block.
Iteration one, two
or three.
Okay, I'm the final one. Let's see. It
won't block. Press A
and let's see.
You think it's fired?
Okay, on this side make the same thing.
Okay,
another one in this place.
rooms.
>> Okay, let's make this wall loop
go like this in this place.
Okay, make this wall. Press E to extrude
it.
Okay, there is big window from AM.
Okay, fine. I need this one.
This will
hit accept.
Make this one dark.
Okay, I think we are done.
We're on making those ones. Now let's
add a material for our walls
on
okay
make this one don't forget about this
corner. Let's add one now.
Get it. Spanish England.
Take subject. Make it down from here.
Uh, okay. Let's have the material.
Let's go hit the
>> F
and go here
and okay let's choose this one plastered
concrete where wall
I want to apply this one
to my wall out of that we have to go
ahead this one select this one and come
here to element zero
material
click right here and hold right here.
Okay, fine.
The external material is applied
correctly. Now let's make the interior.
Okay, that's not the same one. Okay, I
want to change a little bit.
Let's
choose this one. It's too short.
Okay. Fine.
Select this one and here.
Okay. The first part of our
house is done. We are with creating our
walls.
Now
let's create here
a ground.
Okay. How to that we have to go here
selection mode. Save all.
Okay. Landscape mode. landscape. Okay,
let's go here
shapes. Okay, let's create
a plane and hide it.
And this
lucky on this side
and in this
side.
Okay, let's make
let's add our material
lower
text. Choose anyone.
Okay, let's do this one with the
Okay, let's go here. Let's go
synthesis
material. We'll click right here and
let's apply my material.
Okay, there is a problem with this
material. Let's fix it. I need to ding
this.
Okay, the timing
make it like this or the offset.
change the x- axis and z y axis. And for
the normal
want to make it realistic, make it like
this. Okay. Save it.
Okay. I my view. Uh okay. Now as done
for creating walls
uh floors. Now you can uh add
uh doors from the fab marketplace
and you can add furniture as you can
see. I want to disable this one. Maybe
kitchen in here the entry here and the
windows and uh doors and we can add more
than table in the living room and other
things. Okay, thank you guys for
watching this all from this tutorial in
this trailer.